Fix CHANGELOG section for v0.4.2 (#3535)
alacritty/alacritty: CONTRIBUTING.md

 11. A GitHub release is created for the `v1.2.3` tag
 12. The changelog since the last stable release (**not** RC)
        is added to the GitHub release description

>  13. The `-dev` is stripped from previous change log entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 13. The `-dev` is stripped from previous changelog entries
```
